removed 'recommended' from the datadir set up wording (#7870)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/datadirectory/setting.rst

Web archive
-----------

> When running a GeoServer WAR inside a servlet container, the data directory can be specified in a number of ways. One alternative is to set a **servlet context parameter**, another alternative is to set a **Java system property**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running a GeoServer WAR inside a servlet container, the data directory can be specified in a number of ways. 

See :ref:`application_properties` section for details on setting this location using java system property, web context parameter, or environmental variable.
```
